# Problem

Onyaomale is leading a project to exchange the lightbulbs from street lights along a freeway from incandescent ones to LED lightbulbs that are both more energy-efficient and powerful. She started by taking all the old incandescent lightbulbs out, and is now focused on installing the new LED ones. Because the new lightbulbs are more powerful, Onyaomale thinks it is possible that some street lights are not necessary and she can save even more energy by not using them.

We model the freeway as a straight line measuring $M$ meters that goes from west to east. The $x$-th meter is a point that is $x$ meters to the east of the western end of the freeway. If a street light is located at the $x$-th meter, and a lightbulb with an illumination radius of $R$ meters is installed on it, then the street light illuminates the segment of freeway starting at the $max(0,x−R)$-th meter and ending at the $min(M,x+R)$-th meter, inclusive. Onyaomale needs to install lightbulbs in such a way that every point of the freeway is illuminated by at least one of them. Notice that this includes illuminating points that are not an integer number of meters away from the freeway endpoints. Street lights that are left without a lightbulb do not illuminate anything.

Given the length of the freeway in meters $M$, the illumination radius of the new lightbulbs $R$ and the locations of all street lights, find the minimum number of lightbulbs Onyaomale needs to install to illuminate the whole freeway, or report that it is impossible to do so.
